welcome back to luca review channel
today i will tell you about an extremely
attractive martial arts movie called 14
blades to strengthen the country the
emperor established a strict court
protection network specializing in
collecting orphans for brutal training
that organization is called the
embroidered uniform guard
the one with the best martial arts is
appointed as the blades commander the
official title is azure dragon
generations of azure dragon are all
inherited the most powerful weapon of
the mainland which is d a i'm in fourth
these orphans under the reign of the
king could protect the country but
meeting the emperor was immoral it made
people afraid
towards the end of the ming dynasty due
to the corruption of the imperial court
the stupid emperor came to power the
embroidered uniform guard fell into the
hands of gia zintsong a unit close to
the emperor
this barrel-shaped old man is prince
ching who is also the emperor's uncle
previously there was a mutiny launched
but failed was convicted of cutting off
his legs exiled at the border and not
allowed to enter the capital
unwilling to settle down he colluded
with gia zinson to set up a plot to
overthrow the imperial court
jia zintsong ordered king along to kill
xiao xiaozeng who was said to be holding
a list of traitors to the court
because of the imperial military
talisman king long immediately went on a
mission
soon after the military guards arrived
at the vice president's residence and
zhao xiao zheng asked people to take his
son and wife first
zhao xiao zing ran to the study room and
met king long there he killed all the
soldiers nearby in an instant
king long grabbed zhao xiao zhang's son
and threatened him he quickly took out a
box panicked to the point of falling
king long discovered that the object
that zhao xiao zheng was holding was the
emperor's jade seal
it was the object that xiao xiaozeng was
plotting to take away for prince ching
to prepare for a treason
suddenly hundreds of arrows flew out
from behind and hit zhao xiao zen
because in order to save zhao xiao
zhang's son king long was stabbed with a
sword and he had to watch the jade seal
being stolen there was one person in the
embroidered uniform guard who betrayed
and blamed it on king long so zuck and
my who were taken away by them
it turned out that the traitor was juan
wu
because juan we wanted to be the top
commander of the embroidered uniform
guard juan roo listened to jia zin
song's sweet words and killed his
brothers
overly indignant zhuk took the sword at
his feet strained to pull the chains to
fight juan ru for a while
also because jia zin song added fuel to
the fire or maybe zuck's martial arts
were worse than juan wu's zuck was
easily killed by juan wu
it was by whose turn his face full of
indignation and determined to take
revenge he took the sword to cut the
chains and rushed towards juan wu
he quickly stabbed juan wu
by who used his force to knock down the
pillar causing the soldiers to panic he
rushed to kill jia zin song when
suddenly a tibetan girl appeared her
name was chuo chu o the daughter of
prince ching
her martial arts were much taller than
bahu so soon bye who died at her hands
only azure dragon was able to escape but
he was seriously injured here is the
territory of the head of the bureaucracy
the king of the heavens the lost and the
gypsy
azure dragon came knocking on their door
and gave them a check for 300 tales
saying that when they were done they
would give another 300 tales and then he
passed out
the next morning they used an excuse to
bring their daughter to her husband's
house to get out of the city
in the castle the guard strictly guarded
the purpose to capture the azure dragon
since he was an acquaintance the general
went to ask him a little bit and then
gave him some money so they were safe
out of the city
after leaving the city they stopped at a
cliff to eat and drink together while
eating and drinking suddenly this group
of rude people appeared they called
themselves the eagle
they demanded that the generals group
first give them 80 tales and then
trample their flag
unable to bear their grievances chow hua
gave them a kick and took back the
national flag
they were preparing for war when from
nowhere came the chicken dude that
confused them
as your dragon came out with the chicken
leg and looked cool just one hand made
them fall down
this guy claimed to be the leader so he
gave him a chicken bone
suddenly he saw the card on azure
dragon's body he knew that azure dragon
was not an easy person to defeat so they
quickly left
it was also because of revealing the
card order that the imperial army began
to pursue him they came to a road full
of tombstones where they were blocked by
a log
everyone went down to clear the way when
suddenly the imperial army rushed to
surround them
the imperial army approached the car
because they thought that the azure
dragon was in it when they opened the
car door suddenly a mysterious weapon
flew out and killed two soldiers as your
dragon appeared from the sky
chow hua wanted to help azure dragon so
she rushed out
without hesitation as your dragon hugged
chow whose waist the two combined their
steps were as graceful as dancing
wherever they went all the soldiers died
at the same time behind the coffin lid
appeared this long-haired dirted man he
did not hesitate to fly straight towards
azure dragon because he is the main
character who is blessed escape death
bored of putting down the sword i fought
with bare hands the bewildered horse was
suddenly knocked down and did not
understand what happened
after fighting for a while that good
always triumphs over evil
as your dragon used his sword to
interrogate a soldier he learned that
the person who wanted to pursue him was
juan wu and he also azure dragon uses
his daughter to threaten the general to
help him lure those who are pursuing him
to the town three days later if
completed he will return the daughter to
him after walking away for a while azure
dragon stopped by the side of the road
to pee
taking this opportunity chow hua was
about to run away but she did not expect
that he was at night when she slept
because she was with a man she had to
prepare a cane for self-defense
at night he brought a blanket to cover
her who expected her to beat him and
bleed his head
the next morning the two of them went to
breakfast they ordered a lot of dishes
but when it came time to pay they were
both bewildered
with no other way azure dragon had to
pay with his card order
they went to a nearby in to take a hot
spring bath
they talk about old stories azure dragon
unconsciously recalled the past when he
and his brother were locked in the
dungeon fighting and killing each other
just for food
the embroidered uniform guard is a path
with no return killing without knowing
the cause only needs to know the time
place an object completing the mission
is the only sanctity of the embroidered
uniform guard
it's also the sad song of the
embroidered uniform guard
at an in they used to eat at chuochua
was there she saw his card
as your dragon was worn on the in
owner's son she quickly went looking for
azure dragon
azure dragon took chowhoo to buy clothes
and told her to pretend to be a man and
then gave her a letter asking her to
find jia zin saul
chow hua pretended to be the azure
dragon inside to talk to the soldiers
with the purpose of distracting them so
that he had a chance to find out the
whereabouts of the jade seal
finished he came to the rescue of chow
hua
he had discovered that there would be a
jade seal trade today between gia zinson
and the second lieutenant he was on high
to observe the situation
at that moment chow hua pretended to be
a passer by using a beauty trick to
attract the attention of a soldier and
obtained a card for the azure dragon
they ate together to be full
only with food can one achieve
enlightenment
suddenly from the outside came a group
of people
this guy in skimpy clothes was judge of
the desert the head of the heavens
eagles gang
that group of people surrounded the inn
and wanted to challenge the king long
they fight together challenge the
opponent for a match creating an
exciting atmosphere for viewers
the heavens eagles gang wants to rob the
caravan of money and king long wants to
take the object of their transaction the
jade seal
they decided to collaborate
if this case fails king long will commit
suicide
what he wants to get is not only the
jade seal but also his own dignity
because she didn't want childhood to get
involved king long gave her 300 tales
and told her to find her future general
tears rolled down
they say they take advantage but they
already have feelings for each other
she still had to be willing to leave
before the fireworks king long still had
time to sip the rest of the wine to get
the fighting spirit
as if already knowing his plan chuochuo
appeared to approach king along as if to
prevent him from going to the station
when it was time for fireworks she began
to attack king long with the chain very
quickly and dangerously
they fought a fierce battle that
destroyed the end of the innkeeper
she ran out of skills and played a trick
to escape and hide making king long's
eyes flutter
not having enough time to play with her
king long activated an organ in the
saber box attacked chuochuo with his
feet and quickly left
gia zintsong and ziya who daway started
the transaction
emperor's xia who gave jia zin song a
lot of gold to make him dizzy in
exchange gia's in song had to give him
the jade seal
at this time king long had successfully
infiltrated inside
camden vuong also wanted to send a
letter of approval to the people
entering the country to correct the
letter
obviously treason so jia jing song did
not agree
he ordered juan rou to recover the jade
sister
at this moment juan recited with zia who
do wei and directly killed jia zin saul
the signal was sent the heavens eagles
gang charged to attack all the troops
judge of the desert throws minds that
blow up the guard post the brothers
teamed up to break the gate
run out of the soldiers just one swing
of the sword and the soldiers are
already dead
at this time the inside of king long
also began to act
seeing king along schwandry was scared
king long advised swanri to stop and not
follow in his footsteps
at that time judge of the desert
appeared and defeated the soldiers and
killed ziahudawe
on juan du's side his martial arts were
not as good as king long's no matter how
much he resisted his sword was cut by
king long
juan drew threw king long the jade seal
and escaped
a lot of gold but king long didn't take
any giving it all to the judge of the
desert
judge of the desert has prepared a car
for king long
when going to the carriage chow hua was
also there but was controlled by chuo
chu o
she forced king long to hand over the
jade seal in exchange for chow hua
thought king long would leave the beauty
to follow the country but he gave chuwo
chuwo the jade seal and saved chow hua
judge of the deserts team also knowed
that king long was being pursued by chuo
chu o
their brothers in the northern desert
discovered that there were battle drums
on the side of camden vuong's palace
at the same time a firelands team of 300
people was sent to move towards the
ancient city of thin lane
the palace side is extremely bewildered
true fam gun for losing the jade seal
and was imprisoned in the great prison
awaiting execution
judge of the deserts team planned to
help king long obtain his jade seal and
sanctity
king long was mentally prepared for this
final battle
he decided to go without saying goodbye
to childhood he would fight alone
without involving everyone
but unexpectedly chow hua was standing
in front of him and many brothers of the
general bureau
they came to help king along and won't
let him fight alone
their martial arts are not good but they
are very good at the road
then they all went on the road together
chu ochuo was on his way out to bring
the jade seal to camden buong and met
camden buong support team
all enter the ancient city of thien lang
here king long encounters juan roos team
king long attacks them with two daggers
the goal is to lure chuochuo away from
the team so it's easier to steal the
rune seal
juan rou troops move forward and meet a
tight rocks blocked the road
behind which appeared king long again
juan would call the soldiers to dismount
pursuing a segment chu ochoa discovered
that it was chow hua the two changed
positions
juan ru chased his army to the cliff
without knowing that there were many
traps on his head the shao bureau team
threw mines like a blinding fire for the
two sides to kill each other they
dropped rocks and killed many soldiers
stones fell like rain corpses piled up
as for the survivors face to face they
began to attack
king long and juan rou once again fought
each other quickly zwandri was defeated
by king long's knight
juan ru gave back the jade seal to king
long because of the brotherhood king
long spared one woo
but zwandri wanted to beat him in the
back so king long killed juan roo
chu ochuo caught up with chow hua when
she was about to strike judge of the
desert appeared as a hero fought her
once and let xiao who would go first
after fighting for a while perhaps judge
of the desert's martial arts was not as
good as hers so he was seriously injured
he finally fell under her iron whip
king long sees chow hua he is happy but
sad because of judge of the desert's
death
chow hua and king long broke up
both of them have feelings for each
other nostalgic and unwilling to leave
chow hua revealed a secret to king long
that she broke off her engagement with
the future general
king long promises her that when she is
in trouble shake the bracelet in her
hand he will appear to help her
king long asked childhood to bring the
jade seal to the general of xinxi and he
will go to deal with chuo chu o
after all he will come find her
king long lures chuochuo to an abandoned
shrine perhaps this will be the last
battle
the brutal war begins
the sound of knives hitting the iron
whips made people shudder
king long was hit by chu ochuo's palm to
the point of vomiting blood not least he
stabbed her once
king long activated the organ in the
treasure box intending to rush to defeat
her but unexpectedly she was beaten back
overjoyed too soon she was knocked over
by a pillar
because she was too strong king long
tried to cut the iron wire to close the
iron door but she caught king along and
severely injured him
timely flying the knife to make the door
collapse chuwochua couldn't run up and
was clamped by one leg
now that both were seriously injured chu
ochio used cicadas to molt again but
this time king long knew the tip and
easily cut her shirt to pieces
she was slashed several times by king
long
in the end all were exhausted
king long hug chu ochuo and activated
the treasure box
from the box three arrows flew through
chuochuo and king long's body
it's finally over he's glad he got
revenge for his brothers and he's also
satisfied that he's finished his path in
the embroidered uniform guard
chow hula has completed the task of
giving the jade seal
camden vuong's treason plot failed he
committed suicide before being executed
the emperor also took care of the
government affairs true family and was
restored to his position as for chow hua
she became the head of the department of
t.o.2 tu
most of all she was always thinking
about king long shaking the bell and
hoping he would appear
this is the end of the movie see you in
the next movie
thank you for watching the movie